README.md, before:

# README-GEN
    
### Inquirer - powered CLI application to quickly develop README templates.

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)  

## <a name="languages"></a> Languages & Technologies
[Contents](#contents)  
<img alt="JavaScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E"/>
                 <img alt="NodeJS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-%2343853D.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white"/>
                 <img alt="Markdown" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white"/>
                 <img alt="Visual Studio Code" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VisualStudioCode-0078d7.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"/>
                 <img alt="Git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white"/>
                 <img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/>
                

## <a name="contents"></a>  Contents
- [Languages](#languages)
- [Description](#description)
- [Motivation](#motivation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Challenges](#challenges)
- [Contributors](#contributors)  
- [License](#license)


## <a name="description"></a> Description
[Contents](#contents)  
README files provide a snapshot of a repository. Professional README's leave a professional impression while unprofessional README's leave a poor impression. This application allows users to bootstrap a README template by answering a few quick questions in the CLI.

## <a name="motivation"></a> Motivation
[Contents](#contents)  
As a developer I always dreaded the monotonous task of writing README's. This process will get the README off the ground quickly and include some cool features such as the techology badges & the list of contributors.

## <a name="usage"></a> Usage
[Contents](#contents)  
`git clone` --> `npm i` --> `npm start`

## <a name="screenshots"></a> Screenshots
[Contents](#contents)  

## <a name="challenges"></a> Challenges & Lessons Learned
[Contents](#contents)  
One embarrassingly small hangup occurred when I tried to build the bulleted list of contributors. Joining the results array using `<br>` kept breaking the bullet points in markdown until I joined the array of contributors with `\n`. 

## <a name="contributors"></a> Contributors
[Contents](#contents)  
- Patrick Dunn // [pmdunn78@gmail.com](mailto:pmdunn78@gmail.com) // [github.com/knightmac19](https://github.com/knightmac19)  

## <a name="questions"></a> Questions
[Contents](#contents)  
Please direct any questions to [pmdunn78@gmail.com](mailto:pmdunn78@gmail.com).

## <a name="license"></a> License
[Contents](#contents)  
Copyright 2021 Patrick Dunn

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

updating README with images and badges challenge

README.md, after:

# README-GEN
    
### Inquirer - powered CLI application to quickly develop README templates.

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)  

## <a name="languages"></a> Languages & Technologies
[Contents](#contents)  
<img alt="JavaScript" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E"/>
                 <img alt="NodeJS" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-%2343853D.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white"/>
                 <img alt="Markdown" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/markdown-%23000000.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=markdown&logoColor=white"/>
                 <img alt="Visual Studio Code" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VisualStudioCode-0078d7.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"/>
                 <img alt="Git" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white"/>
                 <img alt="GitHub" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/github-%23121011.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/>
                

## <a name="contents"></a>  Contents
- [Languages](#languages)
- [Description](#description)
- [Motivation](#motivation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Challenges](#challenges)
- [Contributors](#contributors)  
- [License](#license)


## <a name="description"></a> Description
[Contents](#contents)  
README files provide a snapshot of a repository. Professional README's leave a professional impression while unprofessional README's leave a poor impression. This application allows users to bootstrap a README template by answering a few quick questions in the CLI.

## <a name="motivation"></a> Motivation
[Contents](#contents)  
As a developer I always dreaded the monotonous task of writing README's. This process will get the README off the ground quickly and include some cool features such as the techology badges & the list of contributors.

![tech badges](https://github.com/knightmac19/README-GEN/blob/main/assets/tech_badges.png)  

## <a name="usage"></a> Usage
[Contents](#contents)  
Users may clone the applicaton and run it locally with the following steps:

1. `git clone` 
2. `npm i` 
3. `npm start`

## <a name="challenges"></a> Challenges & Lessons Learned
[Contents](#contents)  
One embarrassingly small hangup occurred when I tried to build the bulleted list of contributors. Joining the results array using `<br>` kept breaking the bullet points in markdown until I joined the array of contributors with `\n`. 

In order to capture the badges the user wanted to include, I utilized `inquirer's` `checkbox` prompt type and provided an array of possible languages and technologies. Thanks to [this repo from Ileriayo](https://github.com/Ileriayo/markdown-badges) I was able to write a `makeTechBadges` function which would return the necessary `url` for each desired badge. 

![makeTechBadges function](https://github.com/knightmac19/README-GEN/blob/main/assets/build_badges_code.png)  

## <a name="contributors"></a> Contributors
[Contents](#contents)  
- Patrick Dunn // [pmdunn78@gmail.com](mailto:pmdunn78@gmail.com) // [github.com/knightmac19](https://github.com/knightmac19)  

## <a name="questions"></a> Questions
[Contents](#contents)  
Please direct any questions to [pmdunn78@gmail.com](mailto:pmdunn78@gmail.com).

## <a name="license"></a> License
[Contents](#contents)  
Copyright 2021 Patrick Dunn

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
